[Laughter]
Good Job Hoopes
Lets Go Baby
Oh My God
C'mon Hoopes
[Cheering]
[Music]
C'mon
[Cheering]
[Music]
C'mon Baby, Lets Go
[Clapping]
C'mon Kid, Lets Go Baby, C'mon
[Music]
Aye Man We're Not Here to Sit 99, Lets Go
C'mon Baby
C'mon Climb
[Music]
Clapping
Here We Go
[Music]
[Crowd Shocked]
C'mon Baby
[Cheering]
[Music]
C'mon Hoopes
[Music
[Cheering]
Lets Go Baby, C'mon Baby, We're Climbing
[Music]
C'mon You're Right There
Aye You're Right There, Lets Go
We're Right There Hoop
[Music]
C'mon Hoop
[Cheering]
[Music]
You're The Big Guy You Got It
[Slap]
Lets Go Hunter, C'mon Hunter
Lets Go Baby
[Music]
[Claps]
100.1
[Music]
[Slaps]
Let's Go Baby, Yeah
[Cheering]
[Music]
[Screaming]
Heads Up!
[Laughing]
[Music]
Yeah Your Arm Sucks!
[Everybody Cheering]
[Music]
In The Zone Man
Thats The Impressive Part
Yes
[Laughter]
I Sat There And The 100's Were Just Dots
Holy Man
Average Of 100.2
Thats Crazy Bro
Thats Sick
And They're Strikes Bro
How Many Like 70%?
[Laughing]
Lets Go!
Thats Over 50% Strikes
For A Max Effort Pen
Thats Sick
[Music]